Saigo to learn to catch catfish calm
tyranny cat fish that calm okay
hello everybody's chad ferguson learn to
catch catfish calm and i've had a few
questions about my boat so it's been a
long time since i've shot any video of
it i wanted to do a new video that's a
little bit better quality than the ones
i put on the internet in the past
this is express HD 22 CC it's a center
console bay boat
I got am in Kota hand control trolling
motor here ran 6 135 mattered on the
front of the boat this is a big storage
compartment goes all the way up to the
nose of the boat tons of storage in
there bait well and front live well here
I've got a bunch of stuff stored in
there right now but got upright rod
holders here on both sides of the
console bench seat in the back storage
compartments in the back on both sides
and then a large storage compartment
here underneath the deck this
compartment here's a back live with the
Yamaha 115 four-stroke motor the console
have a Lawrence X 115 fish finder and a
Eagle GPS more lively our rod holders
here on the other side of the center
console
and then obviously rod holders mounted
all around the side of the boat and then
also on the side gonna over here
the boat sits on a limiting trailer
single axle aluminum trailer and again
this is an Express HD 22 CC it's a 22
foot center console aluminum bay boat